Use peer dependencies (#452)
cloudant/couchbackup: CHANGES.md

# Unreleased

> - [NOTE] Put `retrty-axios` and `ibm-cloud-sdk-core` as peer dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [NOTE] Move `retry-axios` and `ibm-cloud-sdk-core` to peerDependencies.
```
